So some of the misconceptions that I've run across, um are that I don't
work during the summer. That's my favorite. You have the summers off.
No, no, I do not. Um, and that the biggest one, I think, actually
is that teaching, lecturing, standing in front of the class and talking
that that is essentially the biggest part of my job. And that's
what I dio. And so the idea is that if I'm not actively lecturing,
then I'm not working. And so, you know, I mean, if you look at my schedule
so I teach three classes a semester and each of those classes
has about two, 24 hours of lecture every week. So really, I mean,
I'm lecturing for 10 hours a week. Maybe it's actually a very small
part of my job, but a lot of people kind of think that that's all of
my job on. But I don't think that there's kind of the realization that
for every hour that I'm lecturing, there's a whole bunch of prep,
and then there's a whole bunch of stuff that has to happen after that.
So the lecture part is just this little, teeny tiny sliver of what
I'm doing. Really. The bulk of the work is on either side of that,
and that's just for teaching. I mean, then I have the whole research
component and that, you know, most people don't see that at all.
Eso that maybe is another misconception that people have. Is that really
all I do is teach and actually the teaching the the giving the
lecture is such a small, tiny part of what I dio.